docs(migration): add section for html asset sources (#18536)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/migration.md

Vite 6 also introduces a new default value for `json.stringify` which is `'auto'`, which will only stringify large JSON files. To disable this behavior, set `json.stringify: false`.

> ### Extend support of asset reference in HTML elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extended support of asset references in HTML elements
```
